Colombia is situated in the northwest of South America.
Its territory encompasses the Amazon rainforest,
tropical grassland, the Andes, mountain range,
and the Caribbean and Pacific coastlines.
It's known for growing high-quality coffee,
but what is even more impressive there
is the spiritual growth among Jehovah's people.
Colombians are very friendly and hospitable,
and our brothers show these qualities in an outstanding way.
In March, we had a new old-time pick
in the number of publishers.
We had 172,000 and 28 that shared in the preaching work
this special month of activity.
As a result, on April 11th,
we had a whole-time pick in the number
of the Memorial Attendance, with 515,800 attendees,
three times the number of publishers.
Because of the geography of the country,
there are some areas of Colombia
where it is not easy to reach with the good news.
For this reason, from time to time,
once a year, some special campaigns are organized.
Last campaign was organized from November 2016
to January 2017.
Seven thousand, 456 publishers shared in this campaign,
including several members of our Bethel family.
I would like to share with you some encouraging experiences
that the brothers had during this campaign.
A couple of regular pioneers wanted to share
in the campaign with other friends.
Unfortunately, no one was available to go with them.
In addition to that, the territory where they were assigned
was far away, the climate was cold,
and there were no known Jehovah's Witnesses there.
At first, these made the couple worry,
but they took courage and they went to their assigned territory.
The very day they started to preach there,
they met a man who, after listening carefully
to their introduction, said,
I know what you are talking about.
In fact, when I was a child, I used to preach as you do.
Then he added, I tell my neighbors
that we are Jehovah's Witnesses.
The couple was quite surprised,
especially because from what they knew,
there were no Jehovah's Witnesses in the area.
So they asked the men to explain more.
The men told them that as a child,
he lived in a different part of the country
and that his grandmother was a Jehovah's Witness
and used to take him in service with her.
Later, because of unrest and violence,
he had to leave his own town
and moved to his current place.
He's now very happy to study again,
along with his wife and five children.
In the special campaign,
special effort is made to reach
the numerous indigenous communities
who are present in Colombia.
In one of them, two sisters met a man
while walking toward the territory and preached to him.
He kindly told them that he was the chief of the community.
At the moment, he was very busy,
but he was giving them permission
to preach to all in the community.
After they preached to all in the community,
the sisters met this man again.
He exclaimed, the people of God finally arrived.
Come on in, please teach us.
We were waiting for you.
A great witness was given.
A week later, when the witness is called back,
they met 30 people waiting for them in the chief's house
with a listen to God brochures in their hands
ready to learn about Jehovah.
Yes, as these experiences illustrate
in Colombia, the fields are wide for harvesting.
It is a great pleasure for me to convey
the love and greetings of all our brothers and sisters
in Colombia, including the 255 members
of our Bethel family.